When did the submarine sink ?
Who was the on-board commander of the submarine ?
The submarine was part of which Russian fleet ?
How many crewmen were lost in the disaster ?
In what sea did the submarine sink ?
Who won the crown ?
What country did the winner represent ?
How many competitors did the winner have ?
Where was the contest held ?
What was the scheduled date of the contest ?
Where is Port Arthur ?
When did the massacre occur ?
What was the final death toll of the massacre ?
Who was the killer ?
What was the killer 's nationality ?
When did France win the World Cup ?
Who did France beat for the World Cup ?
What was the final score ?
What was the nickname for the French team ?
At what stadium was the game played ?
Who was the coach of the French team ?
When did the accident occur ?
Where in Italy did the accident occur ?
How many people were killed ?
What was the affiliation of the plane ?
What was the name of the pilot ?
What was the outcome of the U.S. trial against the pilot ?
What type of plane is an F16 ?
How fast can it fly ?
Who manufactures the F16 ?
Where is this company based ?
Who manufactures engines for the F16 ?
Where is Bollywood located ?
From what foreign city did Bollywood derive its name ?
What is the Bollywood equivalent of Beverly Hills ?
What is Bollywood 's equivalent of the Oscars ?
Where does Bollywood rank in the world 's film industries ?
Viagra is prescribed for what problem ?
Who manufactures Viagra ?
Who approved its use in China ?
What is the scientific name for Viagra ?
When did Viagra go on the market ?
What type of school is DePauw ?
Where is DePauw located ?
When was DePauw founded ?
Who was president of DePauw in 1999 ?
What was the approximate number of students attending in 1999 ?
Where is the company headquartered ?
What does the company make ?
What is their symbol on the New York Stock Exchange ?
What is the company 's web address ?
Who was a chairman of the company in 1996 ?
What was his profession ?
For which movie did he win an Academy Award ?
What was his nickname ?
What is the title of his all-time best-selling record ?
He is an alumnus of which university ?
How old was Crosby when he died ?
When was George Foreman born ?
Where was George Foreman born ?
When did George Foreman first become world heavyweight boxing champion ?
Who did Foreman defeat for his first heavyweight championship ?
How old was Foreman when he first won the heavyweight championship ?
When did Kurosawa die ?
When was he born ?
Which university did he graduate from ?
What was his profession ?
What was his English nickname ?
What was his wife 's profession ?
When did the school shooting occur ?
How many students were wounded ?
How many students did he kill ?
How old was Kip Kinkel when the shooting took place ?
How many bombs did investigators find in Kip 's home ?
Where in the Atlantic Ocean did Flight 990 crash ?
Who was the pilot of Flight 990 ?
Who was the co-pilot of Flight 990 ?
How many crew members were aboard ?
How many passengers were aboard Flight 990 ?
Name the horse that won the Preakness in 1998 ?
Who is the trainer of the Preakness 1998 winner ?
Who finished second to the Preakness winner in 1998 ?
What was the track attendance for the 1998 Preakness ?
What time did the race begin ?
What year did the `` Howdy Doody Show '' first run on television ?
On what date did the show go off the air ?
The main puppet character was based on what person ?
What was the Louvre Museum before it was a museum ?
When was the Louvre transformed into a museum ?
How many paintings are on permanent exhibit at the Louvre ?
How many people visit the Louvre each year ?
Who is president/director of the Louvre Museum ?
What is the largest meteorite found in the U.S. ?
How heavy is it ?
What is it called by the Indians ?
Where is the world 's largest meteorite ?
How heavy is the world 's largest meteorite ?
How many metric tons of meteorites fall to the earth each year ?
What cruise line attempted to take over NCL in December 1999 ?
What is the name of the NCL 's own private island ?
How does NCL rank in size with other cruise lines ?
Why did the Grand Cayman turn away a NCL ship ?
Give the month and year that General Abacha had a successful coup in Nigeria .
What reportedly caused the death of Sani Abacha ?
How old was Sani Abacha when he died ?
Who was sworn in to replace Sani Abacha ?
When was Enrico Fermi born ?
When did Enrico Fermi die ?
What Nobel Prize was Fermi awarded in 1938 ?
What is Enrico Fermi most known for ?
Give the name and symbol for the chemical element named after Enrico Fermi .
What country did Enrico Fermi come from originally ?
Where is UPS headquarters located ?
Who is the CEO of UPS ?
When was UPS 's first public stock offering ?
What color are UPS trucks ?
How much money did UPS pay out in insurance claims in 1984 ?
Where is the Little League World Championship played ?
On what street are the fields where the Little League World Series is played ?
How many girls have played in the Little League World Series ?
What year was the first Little League World Series played ?
What is Little League Baseball 's URL on the Internet ?
Approximately how many acres of grapes are grown in Virginia ?
Which Virginia vineyard produces the most wine ?
Who was Virginia 's first and most famous wine maker ?
Who was the former CEO who became a Virginia wine maker ?
Who originated Cliffs Notes ?
Whose works were the subject of the first Cliffs Notes ?
What company now owns Cliffs Notes ?
How many copies of Cliffs Notes are sold annually ?
What percentage of Americans have used Cliffs Notes ?
How many times did Arnold win the Masters ?
How many times did Arnold win the British Open ?
What major championship did Arnold never win ?
What was Arnold 's wife 's first name ?
Who moderated the first 2000 presidential debate ?
How long was the debate scheduled to be ?
On what university campus was the first debate held ?
Which major network decided not to televise the debate ?
In what state did Al Gore prepare for the first debate ?
On what date was the first debate ?
Who was Mrs. McDougal 's lawyer ?
Who was the prosecutor ?
How did Mrs. McDougal plead ?
What was the jury 's ruling on the obstruction of justice charge ?
What was the result of the contempt charges ?
What is Hong Kong 's population ?
When was Hong Kong returned to Chinese sovereignty ?
Who was the Chinese President at the time of the return ?
Who was the British Foreign Secretary at the time ?
What materials was the 1998 Olympic torch made of ?
How long was the men 's downhill ski run in Nagano ?
Which country took the first gold medal at Nagano ?
Who won the women 's giant slalom ?
How many countries were represented at Nagano ?
Who is the lead singer of the Counting Crows ?
What year did the group form ?
What is the title of their signature hit ?
What is the title of the Crows ' first record ?
When was the American Legion founded ?
Where was the American Legion founded ?
How many members does the American Legion have ?
What organization has helped to revitalize Legion membership ?
When was Guthrie born ?
Where was Guthrie born ?
What year did Woody Guthrie die ?
Where did he die ?
What caused Guthrie 's death ?
Where was Sammy Sosa born ?
What was Sosa 's team ?
How many home runs were hit by Sosa in 1998 ?
Who was Sosa 's competitor for the home run title in 1998 ?
What was the record number of home runs in 1998 ?
What award was won by Sammy Sosa in 1998 ?
When was Michael Weiss born ?
Who is Weiss 's coach ?
When did Weiss win his first U.S. Skating title ?
When did Weiss win his second U.S. Skating title ?
Who is Michael Weiss 's choreographer ?
What is Weiss 's home town ?
What was the official name of the Big Dig ?
When did the Big Dig begin ?
What was the original estimated cost of the Big Dig ?
What was the expected completion date ?
What is the length of the Big Dig ?
Where was Super Bowl XXXIV held ?
What team won the game ?
What was the final score ?
What was the attendance at the game ?
How many plays were there in Super Bowl XXXIV ?
In what city was the 1999 North American International Auto Show held ?
What type of vehicle dominated the show ?
What auto won the North American Car of the Year award at the show ?
How many automakers and suppliers had displays at the show ?
What was the expected attendance at the show ?
In what year was the first Auto Show held ?
In what mountain range is Mt. St. Helens located ?
Who named Mount St. Helens ?
What was the date of Mt. St. Helens ' eruption ?
How many people died when it erupted ?
What was the height of the volcano after the eruption ?
What is the name of the winning team ?
What is the name of the losing team ?
Who was named Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- ?
How many games were played in the series ?
What is the name of the winning manager ?
How long is the Chunnel ?
What year did construction of the tunnel begin ?
What year did the Chunnel open for traffic ?
How many people use the Chunnel each year ?
Who operates the Chunnel ?
Who is the parent company of Sony Pictures ?
What U.S. company did Sony purchase to form SPE ?
Name the president and COO of the SPE .
Who is the vice-president of SPE ?
How many customers does it have ?
How many countries does it operate in ?
How is it ranked in size among the world 's telecommunications companies ?
Name the chairman .
What is the mission of the Lions Club ?
When was the club founded ?
Where is the club 's world-wide headquarters ?
Who is the Lions Club president ?
When was AMWAY founded ?
Where is it headquartered ?
Who is the president of the company ?
What is the name `` AMWAY '' short for ?
When did the first McDonald 's restaurant open in the U.S. ?
Where is the headquarters located ?
What is the corporation 's annual revenue ?
Who made McDonald 's the largest fast-food chain ?
What is his primary career ?
What is his second successful career ?
What is the name of the company that he started ?
Who is he married to ?
What is his political party affiliation ?
What is his birth name ?
What is his wife 's name ?
How many children do they have ?
When was the initial land purchased ?
Where is it ?
How large is it ?
Who created it ?
How many visitors does it get per year ?
When is the best month to visit the gardens ?
Where is it ?
How large is it ?
What was it originally called ?
When was it first used ?
What U.S. President first used it ?
What kind of plant is kudzu ?
When was it introduced into the U.S. ?
From where was it introduced ?
Why is it a problem ?
What has been found to kill it ?
When was it first awarded ?
Who authorized it ?
How many have received the award since 1863 ?
Who is the only woman to receive it ?
How many veterans have received the honor twice ?
When was the company founded ?
Where is it based ?
They are best known for making what product ?
What is the average age of a Harley-Davidson rider ?
What company did Harley-Davidson buy out ?
What was her occupation ?
Where was she from ?
What organization did she found ?
When did she found it ?
How old was she when she won the awards ?
What was her vocation ?
Where was her home ?
When did she write her book exposing dangers of pesticides ?
Her book caused what pesticide to be banned ?
What did she die of ?
When did she die ?
When was he born ?
When did he die ?
In what cemetery is he buried ?
When did he make his famous ride ?
From where did he begin his famous ride ?
Where did his famous ride end ?
When was Vicente Fox born ?
Where was Vicente Fox educated ?
Of what country is Vicente Fox president ?
What job did he hold before becoming president ?
When was he born ?
Where did he live ?
When did he die ?
How did he die ?
How many fights did he win ?
Whom did he marry ?
How many children did he have ?
How many opening season performances did he have at the Met ?
How many performances did he sing at the Met ?
At what age did he die ?
Where did he die ?
When was he elected Pope ?
What was his name before becoming Pope ?
How long was his pontificate ?
How many people did he canonize ?
What caused the death of Pius XII ?
What pope followed Pius XII ?
Where is the U.S. Naval Academy ?
When was it founded ?
What is the enrollment ?
What are the students called ?
Who is the father of the U.S. Navy ?
What does OPEC stand for ?
How many countries are members of OPEC ?
Where is the headquarters of OPEC located ?
What does the acronym NATO stand for ?
When was NATO established ?
Where was the agreement establishing NATO signed ?
Where is NATO headquartered ?
What causes tsunamis ?
Where does it commonly occur ?
What is its maximum height ?
How fast can it travel ?
What language does the term `` tsunami '' come from ?
What type of craft was the Hindenburg ?
How fast could it travel ?
When did the Hindenburg disaster occur ?
Where did the disaster occur ?
How many people were on board ?
How many of them were killed ?
When was Kim Jong Il born ?
Who is Kim Jong Il 's father ?
What country does Kim Jong Il rule ?
To whom is Kim Jong Il married ?
Where did this hurricane occur ?
When did this hurricane occur ?
What country had the highest death total from this hurricane ?
What is a genome ?
How many chromosomes does the Human genome contain ?
What is the length of the Human genome ?
What country was the primary beneficiary of this agreement ?
Who authorized this agreement ?
When was this agreement authorized ?
When was this agreement signed ?
Who was the first Imam of the Shiite sect of Islam ?
Where is his tomb ?
What was this person 's relationship to the Prophet Mohammad ?
Who was the third Imam of Shiite Muslims ?
When did he die ?
What portion of Muslims are Shiite ?
What is the former name of Kinmen ?
What country governs Kinmen ?
In the 1950 's , who regularly bombarded Kinmen ?
How far is Kinmen from this country ?
Of the two governments involved over Kinmen , which has air superiority ?
When was the UPU organized ?
When did the UPU become part of the UN ?
When did China first join the UPU ?
Who is the Director-General of the UPU ?
When was the Organization of Islamic Conference organized ?
Where was the 8th summit of the OIC held ?
Where was the 24th Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers of the OIC held ?
What government organization goes by the acronym PBGC ?
Who is the head of PBGC ?
When was PBGC established ?
What is the average waiting time for this organization to determine benefits ?
