For which newspaper does Krugman write ?
At which university does Krugman teach ?
What is Krugman 's academic specialty ?
What prize originating in Spain has Krugman won ?
What company produces his records ?
What is his real name ?
Which company is he president of ?
Where did he grow up ?
How old is Darrell Hammond ?
What is his annual income ?
On what TV show does Hammond regularly appear ?
His shows appear on which network ?
On what Comedy Central program was Hammond featured ?
What is Curveball 's real name ?
Which intelligence service employed Curveball ?
Where does Curveball now live ?
Who founded the firm ?
In what year was the firm founded ?
What company acquired IMG in 2004 ?
Who is the head of the IMG golf division in North America ?
What IMG agent represents Vijay Singh ?
Where is the Mint headquartered ?
What year was the Mint established ?
The Mint is part of which cabinet department ?
Who is director of the Mint ?
Who many dimes does the Mint produce each month ?
What name is given to the coin honoring the Lewis and Clark expedition ?
Where is the company based ?
Who is the CEO ?
Who was his predecessor as 3M CEO ?
What is 3M 's web address ?
Who is the chief executive ?
What is Merrill Lynch 's prime business ?
Where is Merrill Lynch headquartered ?
On which street is Merrill Lynch headquarters located ?
Who is the chairman of WWE ?
Who is the chief executive of WWE ?
Where is WWE headquartered ?
What is `` WWE '' short for ?
What cable network airs WWE ?
On what date did the disaster occur ?
Who was the sole survivor ?
What company owned the Sago Mine ?
How many miners died in the disaster ?
In what state was the Sago mine ?
What organization investigated the disaster ?
On what date did she withdraw her nomination ?
On what date was she nominated for the post ?
Whose place would she have taken on the Supreme Court ?
Who nominated Miers for the post ?
What criterion did this person cite in nominating Miers ?
How old is Harriet Miers ?
Who was Blake accused of murdering ?
On what date did the court begin screening potential jurors ?
On what date did the trial end ?
Who was the judge in the trial ?
What was the verdict in the trial ?
Which attorney was the last prosecutor ?
How long does the Madness last ?
What is another slang expression for the Madness ?
When is the concluding night of the Madness ?
What expression describes the Madness ' semifinals ?
How many teams compete in the Madness ?
In what city was the operation performed ?
What was the age of the recipient ?
What was the name of the recipient ?
On what date was the surgery performed ?
Who supervised the transplant ?
What is the expansion of `` AMT '' ?
On what IRS tax form is the AMT calculation done ?
In what year was the AMT added to the Tax Code ?
What does President Bush want to do to the AMT ?
On what date was the USS Abraham Lincoln commissioned ?
Where is the USS Abraham Lincoln home ported ?
On what date did President Bush visit the USS Abraham Lincoln ?
Who is the commander of the USS Abraham Lincoln ?
What is the approved designation for Dulles ?
In what state is Dulles located ?
Which authority runs the airport ?
Who was the creator of the strip ?
Blondie is syndicated by what organization ?
What is the last name of the character Blondie ?
What is the name of Blondie 's father-in-law ?
In what country was Irving Berlin born ?
How many songs did Irving Berlin compose ?
When did Irving Berlin die ?
How did Irving Berlin die ?
In what year was Susan Butcher born ?
How many times did Susan Butcher run the Iditarod Race ?
How many times did Susan Butcher win the Iditarod Race ?
Where does she live ?
Who is the conductor of the Boston Pops ?
What is the annual salary of the Boston Pops conductor ?
Who is the manager of the Boston Pops ?
What is the concert venue of the Boston Pops ?
How many concerts did the Boston Pops hold there in 2005 ?
What corporation owns Cunard Cruise Lines ?
In what city is this corporation based ?
Who is Cunard 's president and managing director ?
What is the name of the largest ship in Cunard Cruise Lines ?
How many passengers have traveled with Cunard Cruise Lines ?
Who won the 2004 World Series ?
What team was defeated in the 2004 World Series ?
How many years transpired between world championships for the winning team ?
On what date did Jeopardy air for the first time ?
Who was the first host of Jeopardy ?
Who is the current host of Jeopardy ?
What Jeopardy contestant is the biggest money-winner in television game show history ?
Who is the author of `` Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire '' ?
What is the number for `` Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire '' in the series of Harry Potter books ?
Into how many languages has `` Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire '' been translated ?
What is the name of the Wizarding Game in `` Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire '' ?
What was author Jasper Fforde 's first book ?
What year was his first book written ?
What company published his first book ?
How old was Jasper Fforde when he wrote his first Thursday Next novel ?
How many books did he write in the Thursday Next series ?
Who was the founder of the Guinness Brewery ?
In what year was the Guinness Brewery founded ?
Who was the Guinness Brewmaster in 2006 ?
What is the percent of alcohol by volume in Guinness Stout ?
What other Breweries make stout beers ?
On what date were the first London terror bombing attacks of 2005 carried out ?
On what date was the second London terror bombing attack ?
How many bombers were killed in the London terror bombing attacks ?
Who many people were killed in total in the attacks ?
Who invented the Rubik 's Cube ?
What was the world record time set in the 2006 competition ?
What was the previous world record time ?
Who is considered to be the `` fastest Rubik 's Cube solver on the planet '' ?
How many new hybrid vehicles were sold in the United States in 2004 ?
Which automaker was the first to introduce a hybrid car ?
In what year was the Prius concept car introduced ?
What percentage of new car sales in the U.S. in 2004 was for hybrid cars ?
Who preceded Brown as head of FEMA ?
When did Brown start working at FEMA ?
On what date did Brown resign as head of FEMA ?
Who was appointed as the acting head of FEMA when Brown resigned ?
Which government department was FEMA under at the time of Hurricane Katrina ?
How old was Ella Fitzgerald when she made her first hit record ?
Who was Ella Fitzgerald 's husband ?
What was the name of Ella Fitzgerald 's Christmas record album ?
In 2005 Ella Fitzgerald was inducted into what hall of fame ?
What does the abbreviation CSPI stand for ?
What is the CSPI web site ?
According to CSPI , which artificial sweetener is the safest ?
What restaurant chain was the subject of a complaint made by CSPI to the Food and Drug Administration ?
What year was the Fulbright Program established ?
What U.S. government entity sponsors the Fulbright Program ?
How many grants does the Fulbright Program award each year ?
What newspaper first published the cartoons ?
How many cartoons were there ?
What was the first U.S. newspaper to publish one of the cartoons ?
In what city and state was Lyme disease first reported ?
When was Lyme disease named ?
What organism causes Lyme disease ?
What medications are used to treat Lyme disease ?
What insect repellent works against the ticks that carry Lyme disease ?
In what year were American Girl dolls first introduced ?
How much does an American Girl doll cost ?
How many American Girl dolls have been sold ?
What is the name of the American Girl store in New York ?
What corporation owns the American Girl company ?
What is the date of Kurt Weill 's birth ?
In what year did Kurt Weill die ?
In what country was Kurt Weill born ?
For which Kurt Weill song did Bobby Darin receive a Grammy award ?
Who founded the House of Chanel ?
Who is the president of the House of Chanel ?
Who took over the House of Chanel in 1983 ?
What Chanel creation is the top-selling fragrance in the world ?
Who is the chairman of BAT ?
In what city are BAT 's headquarters ?
How many people does BAT employ ?
When were the Buffalo Soldiers organized ?
What ethnicity were the Buffalo Soldiers ?
What part of the Soldiers ' anatomy reminded the Indians of the buffalo ?
In what year were the Buffalo Soldier regiments merged with the integrated army ?
What does the acronym DARPA stand for ?
In what city and state did the Challenge finals race take place ?
How many vehicles took part in the Challenge ?
What was the make of the winning vehicle ?
What was the name of the fuel the winner used ?
On what date was the presidential election held ?
What was the percentage of turnout for the election ?
How many candidates ran for president ?
Who won the presidential election ?
What percentage of the votes did the winner receive ?
Which of the candidates was arrested for forgery ?
In what city were the 2005 World Snooker Championships held ?
In what building was the 2005 World Snooker Championships held ?
In what month did the 2005 Snooker World Championship start ?
Who won the 2005 Snooker World Championship ?
How many World Snooker tournaments are there annually ?
Who is the reigning superstar of snooker ?
What television network carried TMNT ?
In what year did the first TMNT movie come out ?
Including the planned 2007 movie , how many TMNT movies have there been ?
What state-of-the-art technique is being used for the newest TMNT movie ?
In what do marsupials keep their young ?
What is the largest meat-eating marsupial ?
What marsupial is found outside of Australia ?
What can be made from marsupial manure ?
What cartoon character is based on a marsupial ?
The extinct Tasmanian tiger is known by what other name ?
In which continent did Kumquat trees originate ?
What year did she come to the United States ?
What school did she get her bachelor 's degree from ?
What is the name of the philosophy that she started ?
What year did she die ?
When was Alan Greenspan born ?
What school did he get his bachelor 's degree from ?
What federal organization was Mr. Greenspan chairman of ?
When -LRB- month and year -RRB- was he first nominated to this position ?
How long did he serve in this position ?
Who has served longer in this position ?
Who has been selected to be Mr. Greenspan 's successor as chairman ?
How many chairmen of this organization have there been since it was established in 1913 ?
What country is Ahmadinejad president of ?
On what date was he born ?
When was Rafik Hariri born ?
To what religion did he belong -LRB- including sect -RRB- ?
From what university did he get a degree ?
At what time in the day was he assassinated ?
How many others were killed at the same time ?
What country did the UN investigator , Detlev Mehlis , accuse of responsibility for Hariri 's assassination ?
How long did Hariri serve as prime minister , total ?
What country other than Lebanon did he hold citizenship ?
What does the acronym FISA stand for ?
In what year was the court established ?
In 1990 , how many wiretap applications were approved ?
How long a term do FISA judges serve ?
Under the original act , how many judges were to be on the court ?
On what date was the evacuation of the settlers completed ?
How many settlers were evacuated ?
What is the average compensation paid for each evacuated family ?
How many soldiers or police officers were used to carry out the evacuation ?
In the three months following the evacuation , how many rockets were fired at Israel from Gaza ?
On what date did this earthquake strike ?
What was the final death toll from this earthquake ?
What was the strength of this earthquake ?
Where was the epicenter -LRB- latitude and longitude -RRB- ?
On what date did Opportunity land on Mars ?
Who manages this mission ?
What was the original plans for the mission length ?
What is the minimum power requirement per day for one of these rovers to function ?
What is Jon Bon Jovi 's profession ?
When was Bon Jovi born ?
Where was Bon Jovi born ?
In what movie did Bon Jovi star ?
In how many concerts has Bon Jovi performed ?
In what US state was Barack Obama born ?
On what date was Obama born ?
What year was Obama elected to the US Senate ?
Whom did Obama defeat for the US Senate seat ?
What position did Obama hold before becoming US senator ?
How many markets carry Limbaugh 's radio show ?
When was Limbaugh born ?
How many times has Limbaugh been married ?
Where is Exxon Mobile headquartered ?
In what year did Exxon and Mobile merge ?
Who is the Exxon Mobile CEO ?
How much oil was spilled by the Exxon tanker Valdez ?
On what date did the oil spill occur ?
What type of music is performed by the Dixie Chicks ?
The Dixie Chicks are from which state ?
Which of the Dixie Chicks criticized President Bush ?
What was the nickname given to the B-17 Bomber ?
What company manufactured the B-17 bomber ?
How many missions did the Memphis Belle fly ?
How many engines does the Boeing 777 have ?
What is the non-stop distance record established by the Boeing 777 ?
How many versions of the Boeing 777 are there ?
Where is the Boeing 777 built ?
How many passengers will the Boeing 777 carry ?
How many years did it take to build St. Peter 's Basilica ?
How tall is St. Peter 's Basilica ?
What Pope started the building of the basilica ?
What Pope finished building St. Peter 's ?
Who built the basilica that previously stood at the same site as St. Peter 's Basilica ?
What is Australia 's signature grape ?
How much wine does Australia export to the U.S. ?
Where does Australia rank in exports of wine ?
What winery produces Yellowtail ?
In what country is Angkor Wat ?
How many monuments are there in Angkor Wat ?
How long did it take to build the temples ?
How many people visit Angkor Wat annually ?
How old is Joseph Steffen ?
What governor employed Steffen ?
In what state was Steffen employed ?
How many state jobs did Steffen hold ?
Who was the target of rumors spread by Steffen ?
What nationality is novelist Orhan Pamuk ?
What is Pamuk 's year of birth ?
What is Pamuk 's city of birth ?
Into how many languages have Pamuk 's works been translated ?
In what year was Habitat for Humanity founded ?
Who was the founder of Habitat ?
In what city and state are Habitat for Humanity International headquarters ?
Who is Habitat for Humanity 's most famous volunteer ?
How many volunteers have contributed to building houses for Habitat for Humanity ?
What is the full name for CAFTA ?
How many countries are included in CAFTA ?
When was CAFTA signed ?
When did the U.S. Congress approve CAFTA ?
In what year did Sir Edmund Hillary search for Yeti ?
