What position did Moon play in professional football ?
Where did Moon play in college ?
In what year was Moon born ?
How many times was Moon a Pro Bowler ?
Who is Warren Moon 's agent ?
What does LPGA stand for ?
Where is the LPGA headquartered ?
How many events are part of the LPGA tour ?
When does the LPGA celebrate its 50th anniversary ?
How many people were founders of LPGA ?
Where is the Institute located ?
What is the full title of the organization ?
When was it founded ?
Who is the senior vice president of the American Enterprise Institute ?
What is the zip code of the American Enterprise Institute ?
Where in the U.S. is the division based ?
When was the division formed ?
How many personnel comprise the division ?
What is the division 's motto ?
What is the division 's official song ?
How many non-white members of the jury were there ?
Who was the foreman for the jury ?
Where was the trial held ?
When was King convicted ?
Who was the victim of the murder ?
Who was the leader deposed by the overthrow ?
When did the overthrown government come to power ?
What group accomplished the overthrow ?
Who was the nominal leader after the overthrow ?
For what crime was the deposed leader found guilty ?
When did Prince Edward engage to marry ?
Who did the Prince marry ?
Where did they honeymoon ?
Where was Edward in line for the throne at the time of the wedding ?
What was the Prince 's occupation ?
How many people viewed the wedding on television ?
In what country is Luxor ?
On what date did the massacre happen ?
How many people died from the massacre ?
At what site in Luxor did the massacre occur ?
Which terrorist organization claimed responsibility for the massacre ?
The Daily Show appears on what cable channel ?
The Daily Show parodies what other type of TV program ?
Who is host of The Daily Show ?
At what time is The Daily Show initially televised ?
Who is the creator of The Daily Show ?
What was the title for The Daily Show 's 2000 election coverage ?
In what year was the final episode telecast ?
What network aired the show ?
Who played Diane Chambers ?
Who played Sam Malone the bartender ?
What Boston bar was the inspiration for Cheers ' bar ?
What year was the program first broadcast ?
How many races are part of the Winston Cup series ?
What tobacco company is a sponsor of the Winston Cup series ?
On what day of the week are races for the Winston Cup run ?
What is considered the minor league for the Winston Cup series ?
Where was Mozart born ?
When was Mozart born ?
What year did Mozart die ?
Who was Mozart 's rival ?
How many children did Mozart have ?
When was Hitchcock born ?
Where was Hitchcock born ?
What was Hitchcock 's first movie ?
How many Oscar awards did Hitchcock win ?
When did Hitchcock die ?
Where did Hitchcock die ?
What year was Christopher Reeve paralyzed ?
How many `` Superman '' movies did he make ?
During what years were these `` Superman '' movies made ?
Which actress co-starred in the most `` Superman '' movies with Reeve ?
What year did Reeve commence his theatrical career ?
Hugo Chavez is president of which country ?
How old was Hugo Chavez when first elected ?
Where did Chavez graduate from ?
What year did Chavez graduate from this school ?
What percentage of the 2000 Presidential vote did Chavez receive ?
Who was Chavez 's opponent in his 1998 Presidential race ?
Who founded NASCAR ?
When was NASCAR founded ?
Who took control of NASCAR from the founder ?
How much money does NASCAR generate from TV rights annually ?
Who holds the record of career victories in NASCAR ?
What is the record career total of victories in NASCAR ?
What was the number of member nations of the U.N. in 2000 ?
How many non-permanent members are in the Security Council ?
How long does a non-permanent member serve on the Security Council ?
How often does the presidency of the Security Council rotate ?
Who was the President of the U.N. Security Council for August 1999 ?
Who is the Secretary-General for political affairs ?
Who became Tufts University President in 1992 ?
Over which other university did he preside ?
What was Tufts ' endowment in 1992 when he became president ?
What is Tufts ' current endowment ?
How many schools make up the university ?
Where is Tufts located ?
What year was Wal-Mart founded ?
Who founded Wal-Mart ?
How many Wal-Mart employees are there in the U.S. ?
How many stores does Wal-Mart operate world-wide ?
How many Wal-Mart outlets are there in India ?
How many Wal-Mart outlets are there in China ?
How many member nations are in the IMF ?
Which country received the largest loan ever granted by the IMF ?
What was the record loan amount granted by the IMF ?
What does IMF stand for ?
When was the IMF founded ?
Where is the IMF headquartered ?
In what city was the 1999 All-Star Game held ?
In what city was the 1999 Game originally scheduled ?
What is the name of the ballpark where the game was played ?
What is the seating capacity of the ballpark ?
What was the date of the 1999 All-Star Game ?
Who was the Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- of the game ?
Myeloma is cancer in what part of the body ?
What drug is used to treat myeloma ?
What other form of treatment has been used for multiple myeloma ?
How many Americans develop multiple myeloma every year ?
How many deaths are caused by multiple myeloma in the U.S. annually ?
Where is the Hermitage Museum located ?
Along the banks of what river is the Hermitage Museum located ?
In what year did Catherine the Great begin buying for the museum ?
What is the size of the Hermitage Museum collection ?
In what city will there be a satellite museum for the Hermitage ?
Who is the director of the Hermitage ?
Where was Judi Dench born ?
Who is she married to ?
How many Oscars has she been nominated for ?
How many Oscars has she won ?
How many Tony Awards has she won ?
In what year was she born ?
In what year was the Queen Mum 's 100th Birthday celebrated ?
What color was the dress that she wore at her birthday lunch ?
What was the Queen Mother 's birth name ?
How many interviews has she granted the Press in her 100 years on earth ?
What was her husband 's title when she married him ?
What was his title when he died ?
How many humans were infected with avian flu in Hong Kong in 1997 ?
How many humans died of avian flu in Hong Kong in 1997 ?
How may chickens were slaughtered to stop further spread of the disease to humans ?
What strain of avian flu broke out in Hong Kong in 1997 ?
What new strain of avian flu appeared in Hong Kong within the next two years ?
In what city is the Millennium Wheel located ?
How high is the Millennium Wheel ?
What is its popular name ?
Who built it ?
How many passenger capsules does it contain ?
Approximately how many paintings has Prince Charles completed ?
What is the record amount ever paid for one of his paintings ?
What is his usual painting medium ?
What are his usual subjects ?
What other prince showed his paintings in a two-prince exhibition with Prince Charles in London ?
When did the construction of stone circles begin in the UK ?
Approximately how many stone circles have been found in the UK ?
When was Stonehenge built ?
In what county was Stonehenge built ?
What is the oldest stone circle in the UK ?
How many songs are on the album `` In Spite of Ourselves '' ?
What John Prine song was a # 1 hit for George Strait ?
In what year did John Prine have a cancerous tumor removed ?
For how many years did John Prine smoke ?
When was Stephen Wynn born ?
What company acquired Wynn 's Mirage Resorts in 2000 ?
What is the name of the new Wynn casino opened in Las Vegas in 1998 ?
Who was the talent manager hired by Wynn to start new theaters , arenas and cabarets ?
What is the name of Wynn 's newest casino in Mississippi ?
In what city and state did the business begin ?
What do Ben and Jerry produce ?
What is Ben 's last name ?
What is Jerry 's last name ?
What rock band had a Ben & Jerry 's flavor named after them ?
Unilever purchased Ben & Jerry 's in 2000 for what price ?
In what country is the WTO headquartered ?
What country was the most popular tourist destination in 1995 according to WTO reports ?
Who was the director of the WTO in 1996 ?
How many tourists visited China in 1995 according to WTO reports ?
What continent had the highest tourism growth rate in 1997 according to WTO reports ?
When was the AFBF founded ?
Who was president of the AFBF in 1999 ?
The AFBF represents how many families ?
What was the total amount in disaster aid the AFBF asked congress for in July 1999 ?
According to the AFBF , what is the average cost of a turkey dinner with all the trimmings ?
How old was Elian at the time of the shipwreck ?
Who was Elian staying with in Florida ?
Where was Elian 's father at the time ?
Who was the U.S. Attorney General at the time ?
On what date did Elian return to Cuba ?
Who directed the movie ?
In what year did the movie win academy awards ?
What song from the movie won an academy award ?
Who sings the song during the final credits ?
What Florida bar was featured in the movie ?
What game can `` Deep Blue '' play ?
Who won the match between Gary Kasparov and Deep Blue in February 1996 ?
How much money was wagered in the 1996 match ?
The 1996 match consisted of how many games ?
Who won the match between Gary Kasparov and Deep Blue in May 1997 ?
How many `` moves per second '' could Deep Blue scan in 1997 ?
How many methamphetamine labs were dismantled in Arizona in 1998 ?
How many methamphetamine labs were dismantled nationwide in the U.S. in 1998 ?
How much money did the Clinton Administration budget in 2000 for shutting down methamphetamine labs ?
In what Texas town did the FBI and ATF destroy a compound killing dozens , but found no methamphetamine lab ?
What chemical company 's labels were found on bottles in a methamphetamine lab ?
What was the date of Hedy Lamarr 's birth ?
What was her name at birth ?
In what city was she born ?
On what date did Hedy Lamarr die ?
What did Hedy Lamarr invent ?
In what city is the Lebanese Parliament located ?
How many seats are in the Lebanese Parliament ?
Who is the Speaker of the Lebanese Parliament ?
Who is the Deputy Speaker of the Lebanese Parliament ?
How many years are in a term of the Lebanese Parliament ?
What British league does Manchester United play in ?
What is the name of the stadium in Manchester where Manchester United plays ?
Who is the manager of Manchester United ?
Who is the captain of Manchester United ?
Who is the keeper for Manchester United ?
What is the feeder club for Manchester United ?
How many performers appeared at the 1998 Edinburgh Fringe ?
What was the total number of performances at the 1998 Edinburgh Fringe ?
In what month is the Edinburgh Fringe held ?
In what country is the Edinburgh Fringe held ?
In what year was the Edinburgh Fringe begun ?
On what date was Thabo Mbeki elected president of South Africa ?
Whom did Thabo Mbeki succeed as president of South Africa ?
What political party does Thabo Mbeki belong to ?
What was the biggest black opposition party at the time of Mbeki 's election ?
How old was Thabo Mbeki when he was elected president ?
How many seats did Mbeki 's party win in the election ?
What was the date of the 1999 Chicago Marathon ?
What was the distance of the 1999 Chicago Marathon ?
Who was the men 's winner of the 1999 Chicago Marathon ?
Who was the women 's winner of the 1999 Chicago Marathon ?
What was the men 's winning time in the 1999 Chicago Marathon ?
What was the women 's winning time in the 1999 Chicago Marathon ?
In what city does the Iditarod start ?
In what city does the Iditarod end ?
In what month is it held ?
Who is the founder of the Iditarod ?
How many miles long is the Iditarod ?
What is the record time in which the Iditarod was won ?
How many pyramids have been discovered in Egypt ?
In what city are the three Great Pyramids located ?
Which is the largest pyramid ever built ?
What is the height of the largest pyramid ?
How old are the three Great Pyramids ?
In what country is the origin of the Amazon River ?
In what country is the mouth of the Amazon River ?
How long is the Amazon River ?
In what mountain range does the Amazon River rise ?
What is the name of the Amazon River at its origin ?
What U.S. state is the highest avocado producer ?
What is the fat content of an avocado ?
When was the first avocado plant cultivated in the U.S. ?
What insect pest threatens avocado crops ?
Who publishes her books ?
How much did this publisher pay for her first manuscript ?
In what year did she start writing her first book ?
For which novel did she receive the Whitbread 's Children 's Book of the Year award in 2000 ?
In what city was Rowling born ?
In what city did Rowling live in 2000 ?
In what city is the company headquartered ?
Who became CEO of the company in 1998 ?
Which heir to the company fortune was killed in an aviation accident ?
What year was Heinz Ketchup introduced ?
Which disease does Heinz tout its ketchup as helping to prevent ?
What abbreviation is the International Rowing Federation also known by ?
When was the International Rowing Federation Rowing World Cup first held ?
What country won the first four overall International Rowing Federation Rowing World Cup titles ?
Who was elected president of the International Rowing Federation in 1989 ?
How many boats raced in the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney Australia ?
What does the acronym ETA stand for ?
Approximately how many people has ETA killed ?
On what date did ETA announce a cease-fire in 1998 ?
What date will this cease-fire begin ?
What date did ETA announce that this cease-fire would end ?
In what city is the WFP headquartered ?
When was the WFP created ?
Who was the first director of the WFP ?
Who was the director of the WFP in 1997 ?
The WFP is an agency of what organization ?
In 2000 , in how many countries did the WFP distribute food ?
Where did the tournament take place ?
When did this tournament conclude ?
How many players participated ?
What was the date of the East Timor election on independence ?
What percentage of the vote was for independence ?
From what country did East Timor separate ?
In what year did this country invade East Timor ?
On what date did the International Force in East Timor -LRB- INTERFET -RRB- enter East Timor ?
On what date did INTERFET turn over control to UNTAET -LRB- U.N. Transitional Authority in East Timor -RRB- ?
On what date was the Euro adopted ?
How many European Union countries originally adopted the Euro ?
On what date was Greece allowed to adopt the Euro ?
In what year is the Euro scheduled to completely replace the national currencies ?
In the Danish referendum of 2000 , what percentage of the voters rejected adopting the Euro ?
What animal was the first mammal successfully cloned from adult cells ?
What year was this animal born ?
At what institute was this procedure done ?
In what country is this facility located ?
What country is assisting with the development of this facility ?
What is the claimed primary purpose of this facility ?
What model reactor is being planned for this facility ?
What year did work on this facility originally start ?
In what year was Padre Pio born ?
Where was Padre Pio born ?
What year did Padre Pio die ?
How old was Padre Pio when he died ?
In what city is Padre Pio 's tomb ?
What year did Padre Pio first receive the stigmata ?
In what city was Frank Sinatra born ?
What year was Sinatra 's first performance ?
What was Sinatra 's first recording ?
When did he die ?
How old was he when he died ?
When was Shakespeare born ?
Where was Shakespeare born ?
When did Shakespeare die ?
How old was Shakespeare when he died ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
How many plays did Shakespeare write ?
Where was Cole Porter born ?
What year was Cole Porter born ?
What year did Cole Porter die ?
What was Cole Porter 's last Broadway show ?
How many songs did Cole Porter write ?
What was Cole Porter 's first professional musical ?
What position is Nissan among Japanese automakers ?
Who is president of Nissan Corp. ?
In what city is Nissan headquartered ?
What is the Nissan Corp. luxury car ?
What was Nissan formerly known as ?
Who founded the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ?
In what year was the church founded ?
Where did the Mormon church begin ?
How many members does it have ?
Where is the capital of the Mormon Church ?
How many temples are in operation worldwide ?
On what island is Mt. Pinatubo ?
In what month did it erupt ?
How many people were killed ?
How many people were evacuated ?
How long had Mt. Pinatubo been dormant ?
When did the Johnstown flood occur ?
How many people perished in the Johnstown flood ?
How much water fell on Johnstown ?
What dam caused the Johnstown flood ?
How old was the dam ?
In what state is Johnstown ?
The Tower of Pisa began to be built in what year ?
How long did it take to build the Tower of Pisa ?
What is the tilt angle of the Tower of Pisa ?
How much was the Tower of Pisa straightened in the 1990 's ?
What was the cost of preservation of the Tower of Pisa ?
How high is the Tower of Pisa ?
How old is the Great Wall of China ?
How long is the Great Wall of China ?
How long was it used as a defense ?
Under which dynasty was the wall built ?
Where did she grow up ?
Which high school did she go to ?
Which college did she go to ?
Who was she married to ?
When was she married ?
On what date did she die ?
What government position did she assume in 1993 ?
What position did she have immediately prior to 1993 ?
Where was her father born ?
Where did she grow up ?
Who was her top Deputy Attorney in 1999 ?
What disease was she diagnosed with in 1995 ?
What year was she inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame ?
Who was she married to ?
What year did she die ?
How did she die ?
What movie was based on her life ?
What was the name of her producer ?
What year was he born ?
How many times has he married ?
What is the name of the musical that he wrote about the Harmonistas ?
What music school did he attend ?
For what female singer was he the musical director and pianist in the 70 's ?
What record label did he sing for in 2000 ?
What was Meg Ryan 's name at birth ?
Who was she married to ?
When did she meet her husband ?
In what movie did she own a bookstore ?
Who was her male lead in that movie ?
In what movie did she own a party-planning business ?
Where was the pageant held ?
Which TV network aired the pageant ?
What was the date of the pageant ?
Who was crowned Miss America 2000 ?
What state was Miss America 2000 from ?
How many judges were in the pageant ?
Where was the festival held ?
What is the name of the artistic director of the festival ?
When was the festival held ?
Which actress appeared in two films shown at the festival ?
Which film won the Dramatic Screen Play Award at the festival ?
Which film won three awards at the festival ?
